Merge Reliability and Frequency of Updates, keep Dynamic Updates separate (alternative to #62) (#70)
ietf-wg-scone/appman: draft-ietf-scone-applicability-manageability.md

configuration options through which operators define and adjust
that policy.

## Reliability of Throughput Advice Delivery
The frequency at which SCONE packets arrive at a network element is set by the
application endpoint, not the network, and varies by application type and
traffic pattern ({{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, "Applying
Throughput Advice Signals"). A network element cannot expect a predictable or
uniform signaling cadence from the traffic itself, and instead decides its own

> update interval within that flexibility.

Reviewer: Merge https://github.com/ietf-wg-scone/appman/pull/73/changes to add " However in order to reduce the CPU load on network element, application endpoint can send scone packets at lower frequency."

Reviewer 2: Sorry this change doesn't make sense to me. How does an endpoint know what the right frequency is for the network? The endpoint should send at a rater high frequency to ensure that dynamic changes are conveyed reasonable quickly. But endpoints can decide to not update every scone packet in order to reduce load. That's what we decided in the working groups; that part of why we specified the expiry interval.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Mirja.. on what we agreed in the WG, with the fact that it is not the endpoint decides on the updates on the rate signal , rather the network does  not need to update on each scone packets it see passing through, it would follow the instruction specified in the SCONE spec.

Reviewer: @smishra1200  @mirjak May be I did not phrase it correctly. What I wanted to add is that since it is allowed to the sender to decide on scone pkt frequency it can send it at lower frequency also. Essentially there are some CSPs who wants to n/w to mark every pkt received from server ( dont want to have this logic in n/w element to skip some scone pkts) and to reduce the load on n/w element it is expected that sender ( server) to send pkt at lower frequency (mutually agreed). I want to add this aspect w/o getting into specifics. I will rephrase and submit new PR.

A SCONE-enabled network element updates advice in SCONE packets at least twice
per the 67-second monitoring period ({{Section 5.2 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}},
approximately every 20 to 30 seconds). This baseline ensures advice reliably
reaches the endpoint and does not expire across the monitoring period, since
SCONE packets are not delivered reliably for a variety of reasons. Operators
may choose to update more frequently than this baseline, at the cost of
additional network element CPU load, in exchange for a lower chance that
advice goes unheard during any single window. A network enforcing fixed,
subscription-based policies can typically rely on this baseline, since the
applicable policy for a flow does not usually change once established. In
practice, the network element can only update advice when a SCONE packet
is available to modify. If none arrives once the chosen interval has
elapsed, the network element waits for the next one, and that arrival is

> what sets the real interval between updates.

Reviewer 2: I guess it will be the normal case that there is not immediately a scone packet when the timer expired, so I suggest to rephrase it more like this:

```suggestion
is available to modify. When the interval has
elapsed, the network element waits for the next SCONE packet, and that arrival is
what sets the real interval between updates.
```

## Sending Updates for Dynamic Target Throughput Changes
Target throughput advice can change while a flow is active, for example when a

> subscriber reaches a data threshold, or when a network policy or capacity

Reviewer 2: Actually I would prefer to not have network policy here because I think the network policy itself usually doesn't change in the time frame of an active flow. A policy defined the threshold or capacity limits based on certain factors. but the policy itself doesn't easily change.

```suggestion
subscriber reaches a data threshold or when the radio access technology or capacity
```

Also I'm not sure about capacity allocation. What is meant by this?

> allocation changes while the flow is already established. When this happens,

Reviewer: pls merge https://github.com/ietf-wg-scone/appman/pull/74/changes  to add or change in radio access technology
